look at the this father is crying over
the corbus of his dead
child the victim of Israeli attacks on
residential
buildings he was killed in the latest
bombing in Han
yunas two other families were also
killed in another air strike near
Rafa what is there fault they were
having dinner look at the destruction in
the neighborhood people were bombed by
Israeli air strike while having
dinner Israel's Relentless air strikes
attacks and its ground offensive have
also created shortage of food as Aid as
it prevented it from reaching those in
need in jabalia refugee camp in the
north bread distribution points have
been set up for people suffering severe
hunger there's no food most of the time
it's rare to find an abundance of the
things we need pasta wheat flour they're
all unavailable to the point that people
can no longer ask about them or request
them it's as if they're taboo canned
goods like beans have become really
expensive the United Nations has worn a
famine is looming everyone in Gaza is
hungry we're exploring all possible
solution but none are sufficient in the
face of obstacles there are people
starving in areas and we are not able to
give basic food for the needs are rising
faster than we are able to
respond Southern Gaza is struggling to
accommodate the rising number of
displaced
Palestinians overcrowding in camps is
increasing fears that diseases will
spread the Health Care system in Gaza is
on the brink of collapse hospitals are
out of services because there is no fuel
to keep them operational and medical
staff are overwhelmed not only because
of the W that they are having to treat
but also because of those needing help
in seeking Refuge from Israeli
bombardment hanim Mahmud Al jaaz Rafa
Southern Gaza